The queen's neck was flayed using her magic.
Cousin.
Why are you so confused?
Your Majesty, please let me say a word.
I don't have the heart to listen to you.
You have in your belly the heir to my dragon.
I temporarily spare your life.
After you produce.
Go get the skin punishment yourself.
Yes.
Please give me
Burn this fireplace.
Princess
Do you want me to deal with you now?
Your Majesty, this harem is dirty.
God in the fire of exorcism.
So this fire has to be burned.
You.
Oh, cousin.
Your Majesty forbids people in the harem to believe in demons.
Why are you so stubborn?
Dirty things in the mouth of the emperor's concubine
It's human.
People
Who is it? Maybe the concubine in this harem has venereal disease.
That's bullshit.
You said my concubine has venereal disease.
Do I also have venereal disease?
Ah.
Your Majesty.
Someone attacked me.
Red spot is a venereal disease.